feat: improve in context docs (#354)
tolgee/documentation: js-sdk/api/web_package/tools.mdx

Similar to [`DevTools`](./plugins#devtools). Use `InContextTools` only if you know what you are doing.

:::tip

> For safe and efficient in-context on production use [Tolgee Tools](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tolgee-tools/hacnbapajkkfohnonhbmegojnddagfnj) chrome plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For safe and efficient in-context on production, use the [Tolgee Tools](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tolgee-tools/hacnbapajkkfohnonhbmegojnddagfnj) Chrome extension.
```

:::

> It's a combination [`ObserverPlugin`](./plugins#observerplugin), [`ContextUi`](./tools#contextui) and [`DevBackend`](./plugins#devbackend) in one plugin, which you can use when you want to enable in-context capability anywhere. It only applies plugins if there they are not already applied. You can optionally provide credentials to the Tolgee platform, which will override anything that was set before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's a combination of [`ObserverPlugin`](./plugins#observerplugin), [`ContextUi`](./tools#contextui) and [`DevBackend`](./plugins#devbackend) in one plugin, which you can use when you want to enable in-context capability anywhere. It only applies plugins there if they are not already applied. You can optionally provide credentials to the Tolgee platform, which will override anything that was set before.
```
